Streamline/correct other tutorials a bit (#1045)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/nft-minting/build-smart-contract.rst

Build your smart contract
=========================

> Now you are ready to build your contract. First, open up your lib.rs file under /src. You need to specify the ``TOKEN_METADATA_BASE_URL`` parameter in the contract. Since this is an NFT, you need to store the metadata on chain forever. Add your IPFS link like below.

Reviewer: The metadata is usually large (e.g. PNG files), which is not saved on chain but instead a small URL to that metadata is stored on chain.

```suggestion
Now you are ready to build your contract. First, open up your ``lib.rs`` file under ``/src``. You need to specify the ``TOKEN_METADATA_BASE_URL`` parameter in the contract. Since this is an NFT, you store a URL to its metadata on chain. Add your IPFS link like below.
```
